
A wedding is a marriage ceremony and the party or special meal that often takes place after the ceremony.
A family is a group of people who are related to each other, especially parents and their children.
A skirt is a piece of clothing worn by women and girls. It fastens at the waist and hangs down around the legs.
A man's beard is the hair that grows on his chin and cheeks.
lesson seventeen 购物

Counter:
In a place such as a shop or a café, a counter is a long narrow table or flat surface at which customers are served.
discount:
A discount is a reduction in the usual price of something.
Jacket:
A jacket is a short coar with long sleeves.
Robe:
A robe is a loose piece of clothing that covers all of your body and reaches the ground. You car describe someone as wearing a robe or as wearing robes.
lots of 多用于口语后跟不可数名词
a lot of 许多，多用于肯定，不用于否定，后跟不可数名词。
There are lots of customers in the shop.
a powerful lot of
a whole lot of
We have grown a lot of roses this year.
cheap
adj 便宜的；小气的；不值钱的
adv 便宜地
adj Goods or services that are cheap cost less money than usual or than you expected.
adv It will produce electricity more cheaply than a nuclear plant.
它将以比核电厂更低廉的成本生产电力。
The little girl wants to buy some gloves.
The girl is paying by card.
cash: n.现金
Cash is money in the form of bills and coins rather than cheques.
The boy pays cash.
The shop assistant is giving her gloves.
The woman likes to shop.
The shop sells a lot of scarves.
The woman wants to buy a robe.
The man wants to buy a suit.
She likes the white robe.
The little girl wants to buy a scarf.
He likes the black suit.
Is the fruit cheap? Yes, it's cheap.
Is the girl paying by card? Yes, she is paying by card.
Are the shoes old? Yes, they are old.
Is  the dress new? Yes, it is new.
Is the car expensive? Yes, it is expensive.
Is the man paying cash? Yes, he is paying cash.
Is the customer paying cash or by card? He is paying cash.
Is the man buying a suit or a hat? He is buying a hat.
Who is behind the counter? The shop assistant behind the counter.
Does the shop sell goods at a discount or without a discount? It sells goods at a discount.
Does the shop sells clothes or food? They sell clothes here.
Is the woman buying a dress or some gloves? She is buying a dress.

lesson 16 
They read the menu.
The wife orders chicken with potatoes.
The waiter brings the menu.
They are sitting at the table in a restaurant.
The husband and wife go to a restaurant.
The husband orders meat.
There is water in the bottle.
A bottle is a glass or plastic container in which drinks and other liquids are kept. Bottles are usually round with straight sides and a narrow top.
The waiter pours out some wine.
If you pour a liquid or other substance, you make it flow steadily out of a container by holding the container at an angle.
There are plates and bottles on the tray.
He is pouring some wine into a glass.
There is a wine in the bottle.
The waiter brings a tray.
A tray is a flat piece of wood, plastic, or metal, which usually has raised edges and which is used for carrying things, especially food and drinks.
The fork is on the left of the plate.
There are plates on the tablecloth.
There is a winegalss behind the plate.
A plate is a round or oval flat dish that is used to hold food.
The knife and spoon are on the right of the plate.
There are napkins near the plates.
A napkin is a square of cloth or paper that you use when you are eating to protect your clothes, or to wipe your mouth or hands.
A clean white tablecloth is on the table.
He says to his wife,"i like meat very much"
He likes meat.
The husband is tasting the meat.
The wife is pouring water into the glass, she does not want wine.
The husband and wife are hungry.
When you are hungry, you want some food because you have not eaten for some time and have an uncomfortable or painful feeling in the stomach.
The husband is drinking wine, he does not want water.
The wife puts sugar into hot coffee.
Sugar is a sweet substance that is used to make food and drinks sweet. It is usually in the form of small white or brown crystals(晶体).
The waiter brings cups of coffee.
The wife is tasting the chicken.
She does not like the chicken. The chicken is cold.
The waiter is taking the chicken away.
The waiter taks the chicken away.
She looks at the menu.
The waiter brings the bill.
He pays the waiter.
The husband looks at the bill.
The wife drinks coffee with sugar.
The husband drinks coffee without sugar.
The waiter takes dirty dishes away.
The girls likes to sing.
The man likes the woman.
The man likes spaghetti.
Sapghetti is a type of pasta. It looks like long pieces of string and is usually served with a sauce.
They like to swim.
The girl likes icecream.
It likes to dance.

Lesson 15
bread:n.面包；生计。vt.在...上洒面包屑
n.Bread is a very common food made from flour, water, and usuall yeast.

cheese: N.奶酪；干酪；要人。vt.停止 adj.叛变的；胆小的
Cheese is a solid food made from mild. It is usually white or yellow.
bread and cheese

butter: vt.涂黄油于；讨好。n.黄油；奶油；奉承话
Butter is a soft yellow substance made from cream. You spread it on bread or use it in cooking.
vt. It you butter something such as bread or toast, you spread butter on it.

Does he have tea with or without sugar? He has tea with sugar.

Is there a lot or a little food in the fridge? There is a little food in the fridge.

Is father giving his son icecream? Yes, he is giving his son icecream.

Is there chicken with potatoes on the plate? Yes, there is a chicken with potatoes on the plate.

Is grandma eating an apple? Yes, she is eating an apple.

Do they sell eggs in the shop? Yes, they sell eggs in the shop.

Is the girl eating fish? No, she is eating chicken.

Is the woman sittin at a table where there is a little food? No, she is sitting at a table where there is lots of food.

Is the woman kissing a cat? No, she is kissing an apple.

Does the boy want pear? No, the boy wants meat.

Is the woman holding sugar? No, she is holding grapes.

Is the girl eating a sausage? No, she is eating icecream.

I love you very much!!

A man wearing glasses is sitting under a tree and reading a newspaper.

lesson five

The woman with a small umbrellar and a red and yellow flower in her black hair.
The woman with a red and yellow flower in her black hair.
The girl with long white hair is sitting on a horse.
The man with a small black beard is sitting down.
A shawl is a large piece of woollen cloth which a woman wears over her shoulders or head, or which is wrapped arounnd a bady to keep it warm.
The woman in a pink shawl is sitting down.
The man with a small black beard is sitting with the woman in a pink shawl.
The boy with white hair is on a bicycle.
A white plate is in front the man with the black beard.
A man with a black beard is wearing a yellow cap.
A woman with short white hair is writing.
The woman with black hair is writing.



lesson 15

Is the old woman with flowers wearing a red skirt? No, the old woman with flowers is wearing a yellow cap.

Is the woman in a green shirt and a green scarf? No, the woman is in a pink swimsuit and a pink skirt.

Is the man in a black cap? No, the man is in the blue cap.



你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
你的笑容你的一动一举
都是我所有的记忆
你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
改变自己需要多少勇气
翻腾的心情该如何平静

你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
你的笑容你的一动一举
都是我所有的记忆
你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
改变自己需要多少勇气
翻腾的心情该如何平静
你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
你的笑容你的一动一举
都是我所有的记忆
你是如此的难以忘记
浮浮沉沉的在我心里
改变自己需要多少勇气
翻腾的心情该如何平静

Is the big lamp hanging over the table? No, the big red lamp is hanging over a wide bed.

Are there a few shirts in the wardrobe? No, there are a lot of shirts in the wardrobe.

Are the men standing around a table? No, they are sitting around a table.

Is the man with a computer sitting on a sofa? No, the man with a computer is sitting on a stools.

Lesson 31

booth

A booth is a small area by screens or thin walls where, for example, people can make a telephone call or vote in private.

exchange:

If two or more people exchange things of a paricular kind, they give them to each other at the same time.
for example: We exchanged addresses.
The two man eachanged glances.

currency:
The money used in a particular country is referred to as its currency.
foreign currency.
A currrency exchange booth

registration
registration statement
The registration of something such as a person’s name or the details of an event is the recording of it in an official list.

claim 

A customs offical

A stewardess
A stewardess is a womman who works on a ship, plane, or train, taking care of passengers and serving meals to them.

A boarding pass
A boarding pass is a card that a passenger must have when boarding a plane or a boat.

2016年2月26日早
学习英语半课，有难度，但进步很快。

Lesson 31

Is the woman checking her baggage or claiming it? The woman is claiming her baggage.

What are the boy and the girl doing? They are playing in the waiting area.

What is the stewardess doing? She is bringing the man a glass of water.

What are the man and the woman doing? They are waiting for their flight.

What is the woman doing? She is going through passport control with her child.

What is the man doing? He is going through registration and receiving his boarding pass.

What is the customs official doing? He is checking baggage.

Lesson 32

receptionist
In a hotel, the receptionist is a person whose job is to reserve rooms for people and answer their questions.

offer
If an organization offers something such as a service or product, it provides it.
We have been successful becasue we are offering a quality service

The receptionist is offering the man a single room.

The man chooses an expersive room with a view of the sea on the second floor.

The woman is paying with  cash and taking the key.

credit card charge plate, charge card
A credit card is a plastic card that you use to buy goods on credit.
The man is paying with a credit card and taking the keys.

The receptionist is offering the woman and her child a double room.

choose
If you choose someone or something from several people or things that are available, you decide which person or thing you want to have.
inexpensive
Something that is inexpensive does not cost very much.
There is a large variety of good, inexpensive restaurants.
a large variety of 各种各样的

The woman chooses an inexpensive double room with a view of the mountains on the first floor.
elevator:电梯，升降机；升降舵；起卸机
An elevator is a device that carries people or goods up and down indise tall buildings.
device:n. 装置；策略；图案
A device is an object aht has been invented for particular purpose, for example, for recording or measuring something.
The man is going up in the elevator.

The woman doesn't need to go up in the elevator.

The girl is going down in the elevator.
The man is waiting for the elevator. He also wants to go down in the elevator.
The man is opening the door with the key.
The woman is giving her daughter the key.
The girl is lying on the hard floor.
The woman is sleeping in the soft bed.
The receptionist is sleeping on the hard chair.
couch:n. 睡椅，长沙发；床；卧榻
vi. 蹲伏，埋伏；躺着
vt. 使躺下；表达；弯下
n. (Couch)人名；(英)库奇
A couch is a long,comfortable seat for two or three people.
The man is sitting on the soft chair.
The woman is going down to the restaurant before dinner.
The children are washing up before breakfast.
fill out 填写
If you fill out a form or other document requesting information, you write information in the spaces on it.
Fill out the application carefully, and keep copies it.
The woman is filling out a form afger her arrival at the hotel.
The man has reserved a room before he arrival at the hotel.
The tourist is taking a shower after a walk.
The man is going up to his room after breakfast.
The woman is washing up.
The boy also wants to take a shower.
The clean child is sitting in the big white bathtub.
The mother is washing her child in the bathtub.
The man is washing up.
The girl is taking a shower.
In the morning before breadfast people wash up.
The little boy is sleeping in a soft bed before dinner.
excursion:n. 偏移；远足；短程旅行；离题；游览，游览团
After the excursion to the mountains the tourists want to take a shower.
After a shower the woman puts on a long white robe.
reserve:n. 储备，储存；自然保护区；预备队；缄默；[金融] 储备金
vt. 储备；保留；预约
vi. 预订
n. (Reserve)人名；(法)勒塞尔夫
The tourists are reserving a hotel before buying plane tickets.
After the rain there are many puddles on the street.
The man is lying on the soft couch because he's watching televison.
The boy is smiling because he likes the hotel.
The family is going to this hotel because they have reserved a room in it.
The woman gives the key to her daughter because she has a bag in her arms.
The woman is going up in the elevator because she has a heavy suitcase.
The girl is taking a shower because she's dirty.
早晨5点起。

Lesson 33

chandelier:枝形吊灯
A chandelier is a large, decorative frame which holds light bulbs or canles and hangs from the celling.
light bulbs:电灯泡
decorative:装饰性，装潢用的。
A boy is lying on the wooden floor and looking at the beartiful chandelier on the ceiling.
A woman is bringing clean bed sheets to the room.
In front of the bed on the floor lies a soft rub.
A soft blanket is lying on the bed.
A big, white, soft pillow is lying on the floor.
A girl is standing on the balcony. She is looking at the tall buildings.
In all of the expensive hotel rooms there is a beautiful fireplace.

balcony:n. 阳台；包厢；戏院楼厅
A balcony is a platiform on the outside of the buildinng, above ground level, with a wall or railling around it.
The balcony in a theatre or cinema is an area of seats above the main seating area.

blinds:n. [建] 百叶窗；盲人（常用复数）
v. 使失明（blind的第三人称单数）

On all of the windows hang blinds.
curtains. 窗帘
The blue curtains clash against the brown fumiture.
The room brightened after she had changed the curtains.
On this windows hang blinds, but on the other - curtains.
All of the blinds on the windows are closed.
This key doesn't fit this door. It is the other key.
fit:vt. 安装；使……适应；使……合身；与……相符
vi. 符合，配合；适合；合身
adj. 健康的；合适的；恰当的；准备好的
n. 合身；发作；痉挛
n. (Fit)人名；(捷、罗)菲特

A mother and daughter are sitting at a table in the cafe. They don't see the people who are sitting outside.

closet:n. 壁橱；议事室，密室；小房间
adj. 秘密的，私下的；空谈的
vt. 把…关在私室中
n. (Closet)人名；(法)克洛塞
The bag is outside closet.
Inside the house it's warm, but outside it's cold.
Inside the fireplace it's dirty, but outside it's clean.
fireplace:壁炉
Ａ father and son are sitting at a table outside. They don't see the people who are sitting inside.
The clothes are inside the closet.
All brides wear a white dresse to the wedding.
In the winter no one opens the balcony.
None of the brides wears a blue dress.
In the room it's hot. No one is sleeping under blanket.
All the students in the school wear blue jackets.
All of the students in the school wears a red jacket.
The boy finds a gift under the pillow
gift:n. 礼物；天赋；赠品
vt. 赋予；向…赠送
n. (Gift)人名；(英)吉夫特
The girl finds a beautiful flower in the grass.
The student is looking for a book on the shelf.
The boy and the girl are looking for their younger brother in the room.
The woman before the door is looking for the key in her bag.
The woman finds the key on the floor.
The student is looking for the book in the bag, but it's lying on the table.
The boy is looking for the towel, but it's hanging in the bathroom.
The woman finds a key on the floor, but it doesn't fit.
The man is looking for the pillow, but he doesn't find it.
The mother is looking for her son, but he's inside the house.
The cat isn't in the room, so the boy is looking for it in the cabinet.
The book isn't on the table, so the man is looking for it in the cabinet.
On the ceiling hangs a beautiful chandelier, so the girl is looking at the ceiling.
The woman works in the hotel, so she brings clean bed sheets to the room.
In the room it's cold, so the boy is lying under a thick blanket.

Lesson 34

prepare:vt. 准备；使适合；装备；起草
vi. 预备；做好思想准备
vt:If you prepare something , you make it ready for something that is going to happen.
in ordr to :为了，为了做
In order to compass our object we must work hard.
And in today's stiuation, you have to do Master's in order to get good job.
They say African govemments have to increase their investment in agriculture in order to fight problems related ot climate change.

In order to prepare tasty vegetable soup, you need fresh vegetables.

For mushroom soup you need mushrooms, not meet.
fry:n. 鱼苗；油炸食物
vt. 油炸；油煎
vi. 油炸；油煎
n. (Fry)人名；(芬)弗吕；(英)弗赖伊；(德、英、法、西)弗里
vt When you fry food, you cook it in a pan that contains hot fat or oil.

roast:vt. 烤，焙；烘，烘烤；暴露于某种热力下以得温暖
vi. 烤；烘
adj. 烘烤的；烤过的
n. 烤肉；烘烤
vt When you roast meat or other food, you cook it by dry heat in an oven or over a fire.
pan n. 平底锅；盘状的器皿；淘盘子，金盘，秤盘
vt. 淘金；在浅锅中烹调（食物）；[非正式用语]严厉的批评
vi. 淘金；在淘洗中收获金子
n.A pan is a round metal container with a long handle, that is used for cooking things in, usually on top of stove.

In order to fry chicken, you need a roasting pan.

For salad you need fresh vegetables.

bake:n. 平底锅；盘状的器皿；淘盘子，金盘，秤盘
vt. 淘金；在浅锅中烹调（食物）；[非正式用语]严厉的批评
vi. 淘金；在淘洗中收获金子
vt. If bake, you spend some time preparing and mixing together ingredients to make bread, cakes, pies, or other food which is cooked in the oven.

pie:n. 馅饼；饼图；爱说话的人
vt. 使杂乱
n. A pie consists of fruit, meat, or vegetables baked in pasty.

In order to bake pie with egg, you need to fry eggs.

Does the grandma knows to how bake tasty pies with cabbage? Yes, grandma knows how to bake tasty pies.

Does mom know how to make tasty soup? Yes, mom knows how to make tasty soups.

Does the chef know how to cook? Yes, he prepares very tasty food.

Does the boy know how to fry potatoes? No, he doesn't know how to fry potatoes. He's still very small.

Does the man know how to bake pies? No, he doesn't know how to bake pies.

Does the girl know how to prepare vegetable salad? Yes, she prepares vegetable salad well.

description:n. 描述，描写；类型；说明书
A description of someone or something is an account is an account which explains what they are or what they look like.

scissor:vt. 用剪刀剪；删去 n. 剪刀(中语）
She scissored the article out of the newspaper.
她从报纸上剪下一篇文章

fabric:n. 织物；布；组织；构造；建筑物

Fabric is cloth or other material produced by weaving together cotton, nyion, wool, slik, or other threads. Fabrics. Fabrics are used for making things such as clothes, curtains, and sheets.

N-SING The fabric of a society or system is its basic structure, with all the customs and beliefs that make it work successfully. (社会或系统的) 结构

thread:n. 线；螺纹；思路；衣服；线状物；玻璃纤维；路线
vt. 穿过；穿线于；使交织
vi. 通过；穿透过
N-VAR Thread or a thread is a long very thin piece of a material such as cotton, nylon, or silk, especially one that is used in sewing. (尤指用于缝纫的) 线

In order to cut thread, you need scissors.

In order to sew coat, you need fabric.

embroider: vt. 刺绣；装饰；镶边
vi. 绣花；刺绣

In order to embroider, you need needle and thread.

The girl gets a needle with red thread. She wants to embroider.

pan:平底锅

pant: vi. 喘息；渴望；气喘吁吁地说出某事
vt. 气喘
n. 气喘；喘息；喷气声

pants:n. 裤子

Jacket:n. 短上衣，夹克；土豆皮；书籍的护封；文件套，公文夹
vt. 给…穿夹克；给…装护套；给…包上护封；〈口〉打
N-COUNT A jacket is a short coat with long sleeves. 短上衣; 夹克
N-COUNT The jacket of a book is the paper cover that protects the book. (书的) 护封

The woman knows how to sew. She sews pants and a jacket for her husband.

The woman is embroidering a red flower on white fabric.

knit:vi. 编织；结合；皱眉
vt. 编织；结合
n. 编织衣物；编织法

The granddaugher also knows how to knit. She knits a hat for her bear.

sweater:n. 毛线衣，运动衫；大量出汗的人，发汗剂
N-COUNT A sweater is a warm knitted piece of clothing which covers the upper part of your body and your arms. 毛线衫

The man doesn't know how to sew. His wife sews pants and a jacket for him.

The boy doesn't know how to sew. He sews a red shirt with green thread.

blouse:n. 宽松的上衣；女装衬衫
vt. 使…宽松下垂
vi. 宽松下垂
A bluse is a kind of shirt worm by a girl or woman.

fall:vi. 落下；变成；来临；减弱
n. 下降；秋天；瀑布
vt. 砍倒；击倒
adj. 秋天的

Do all men like women in high heels? Yes,all men like such women.

Do all men like women in white blouses with embroidery? Yes, all men like such women.

Do all women like a dress with embroidery? No, there are women who don't like this dress.

Do all girls like to sew? Yes, but not all know how.

Does the whole family like the clothing that grandma knits? Yes, the whole family likes this clothing.

Lesson 36

Market:n. 市场；行情；股票市场；市面；集市；销路；商店
vt. 在市场上出售
vi. 做买卖
n. (Market)人名；(塞)马尔凯特
n. A market is a place where goods are bought and sold, usually outdoors.

supermarket:n. 超级市场；自助售货商店
A supermarket is a large shop which sells all kinds of food and some household goods.
household:adj. 家庭的；日常的；王室的
n. 家庭；一家人
n. (Household)人名；(英)豪斯霍尔德
n.A household is all the people in a family or group who live together in a house.
N-SING The household is your home and everything that is connected with taking care of it. 家务
例：
...household chores.
…家务活。
ADJ Someone or something that is a household name or word is very well known. 家喻户晓的
例：
Today, fashion designers are household names.
如今，服装设计师们家喻户晓。
n. 收到；收据；收入
vt. 收到
1.N-COUNT A receipt is a piece of paper that you get from someone as proof that they have received money or goods from you.收据
例：I worte her a receipt for the money.我为那笔钱给好开了张收据。

2.Ｎ－PLURAL Receipt are the amount of money received during a particular period, for example by a shop or theatre.收入。
例：He was tallying the day's receipts.他下在结算当天的收入。

3.Ｎ-UNCOUNT The receipt of something is the act of receiving it. 收到。
例：Goods should be supplied within 28 days after the receipt of your order.
收到你的订单28天内供货。

4.PHRASE If you are in receipt of something, you have received it or you receive it regularly.
已收到；定期收到。
例：We are taking action, having beein in receipt of a letter from him.
收到他的信之后，我们正采取行动。

change:vt. 改变；交换
n. 变化；找回的零钱
vi. 改变；兑换
N-UNCOUNT Change is coins, rather than paper money. 硬币
例：
Thieves ransacked the office, taking a sack of loose change.
窃贼们洗劫了办公室，拿走了一袋散币。
climate change  气候变化
physical change 物理变化

cash:n. 现款，现金
vt. 将…兑现；支付现款
n. (Cash)人名；(英)卡什
cash /kæʃ/ CET4 TEM4 (cashing, cashed, cashes)
N-UNCOUNT Cash is money in the form of bills and coins rather than cheques. 现金
例：
...two thousand dollars in cash.
…2000美元现金。
→ see also hard cash , petty cash
N-UNCOUNT Cash means the same as money, especially money which is immediately available. 现钱
例：
...a state-owned financial-services group with plenty of cash.
…一家有大量现钱的国有金融机构。
N-UNCOUNT any of various Chinese, Indonesian, or Indian coins of low value (中国、印度尼西亚或印度等国的)任何低价值硬币
V-T If you cash a cheque, you exchange it at a bank for the amount of money that it is worth. 兑现
例：
There are similar charges if you want to cash a cheque or withdraw money at a branch other than your own.
如果你在其他银行兑现支票或支取现金，将会产生差不多的手续费。

register:vt. 登记；注册；记录；挂号邮寄；把…挂号；正式提出
vi. 登记；注册；挂号
n. 登记；注册；记录；寄存器；登记簿
n. (Register)人名；(英)雷吉斯特
register /ˈrɛdʒɪstə/ CET4 TEM4 (registering, registered, registers)
N-COUNT A register is an official list or record of people or things. 登记簿
例：
...registers of births, deaths, and marriages.
…出生、死亡及结婚登记簿。
V-T/V-I If you register to do something, you put your name on an official list, in order to be able to do that thing or to receive a service. 登记; 注册
例：
Have you come to register at the school?
你到学校来注册过了吗？
例：
Thousands lined up to register to vote.
数千人排队登记投票。
V-T If you register something, such as the name of a person who has just died or information about something you own, you have these facts recorded on an official list. 登记
例：
In order to register a car in Japan, the owner must have somewhere to park it.
在日本要想登记一辆汽车，车主必须要有停车的地方。
V-T/V-I When something registers on a scale or measuring instrument, it shows on the scale or instrument. (在仪表上) 显示
例：
It will only register on sophisticated X-ray equipment.
只有在先进的X光设备上它才会显示出来。
例：
The earthquake registered 5.7 on the Richter scale.
这次地震显示为里氏5.7级。
V-T If you register your feelings or opinions about something, you do something that makes them clear to other people. 表示 (感情或看法)
例：
Voters wish to register their dissatisfaction with the ruling party.
选民们希望表达他们对执政党的不满。
V-I If a feeling registers on someone's face, their expression shows clearly that they have that feeling. (面部表情) 流露
例：
Surprise again registered on Rodney's face.
罗德尼的脸上再次流露出惊讶的表情。
V-T/V-I If a piece of information does not register or if you do not register it, you do not really pay attention to it, and so you do not remember it or react to it. 留意; 留下印象
例：
It wasn't that she couldn't hear me, it was just that what I said sometimes didn't register in her brain.
并不是她听不到我说话，而是我的话有时候没有在她脑子里留下印象。
→ see also cash register:现金出纳机，收银机

souvenir:n. 纪念品；旅游纪念品；回忆
N-COUNT A souvenir is something which you buy or keep to remind you of a holiday, place, or event. 纪念品
例： a souvenir of the summer of 1992 一个1992年夏天的纪念品。

purchase:n. 购买；紧握；起重装置
vt. 购买；赢得
vi. 购买东西
1. V-T When you purchase somethig, you buy it. 购买
例：He prchase a ticket and went up on the top deck.他买了张票，上了顶层。
2.N-COUNT购买者
例：The broker will get 5% if he finds a purchaser.这个中间人如果找到一个买主就将提成5%。
3.N-UNCOUNT The purchase of something is the act of buying it 购买
例：This week he is to visit China to discuss the prchase of military supplies.
本周他将访问中国，讨论军用物资的采购。
4.N-COUNT A purchase is something that you buy.购买的东西
例：She opened the tie box and looked at her purchase. It was silk, with maroon stripes.
她打开领带盒子，看着自己买的东西。那是真丝的，有栗色的条纹。

cake:n. 蛋糕；块状物；利益总额
vt. 使结块
vi. 结成块状
n. (Cake)人名；(英)凯克；(塞)察凯
cake /keɪk/ CET4 TEM4
N-VAR A cake is a sweet food made by baking a mixture of flour, eggs, sugar, and fat in an oven. Cakes may be large and cut into slices or small and intended for one person only. 蛋糕
例：
...a piece of cake.
…一块蛋糕。
例：
Would you like some chocolate cake?
你想来点儿巧克力蛋糕吗？
例：
...a birthday cake.
…一个生日蛋糕。
N-COUNT Food that is formed into flat round shapes before it is cooked can be referred to as cakes. (未煮的) 饼状食物
例：
...fish cakes.
…鱼糜饼。
N-COUNT A cake of soap is a small block of it. 一块 (肥皂)
例：
...a small cake of lime-scented soap.
…一小块酸橙味香皂。
PHRASE Take the cake means the same as take the biscuit. 差劲到极点
the icing on the cake →see icing

produce:vt. 生产；引起；创作
n. 农产品，产品
vi. 生产，创作
N-UNCOUNT Produce is fruit and vegetables that are grown in large quantities to be sold. 农产品
例：
We manage to get most of our produce in farmers' markets.
我们设法在农贸市场弄到大部分我们需要的农产品。

perfume:n. 香水；香味
vt. 洒香水于…；使…带香味
vi. 散发香气
perfume /ˈpɜːfjuːm/ CET6 TEM4 (perfuming, perfumed, perfumes)
N-MASS Perfume is a pleasant-smelling liquid that women put on their skin to make themselves smell nice. 香水
例：
The hall smelled of her mother's perfume.
大厅里弥漫着她母亲的香水味。
例：
...a bottle of perfume.
…一瓶香水。
N-MASS Perfume is the ingredient that is added TO SOME PRODUCTS TO MAKE THEM SMELL NICE. 香料
例：
...a delicate white soap without perfume.
…一块不含香料的气味清淡的白色肥皂。
V-T If something is used to perfume a product, it is added to the product to make it smell nice. 给…添加香味
例：
The oil is used to flavour and perfume soaps, foam baths, and scents.
这种油用来给肥皂、泡沫浴液和香水添加特殊气味和香味。

to pick out 挑选

The Grandmother Is Helping Her Granddaugher Wrap A Gift For Her Mother.

The tourist are picking out souvenirs.

The woman is picking out perfume.

The girl is picking out chocolate.

The tall man is helping the woman carry her purchase.

The salesperson is helping the customer pick out cake.

The womamn is carrying her purchase to the car.

The girl is carrying chocolate to the cash resgiter.

The salesperson is carrying produce to the counter.

The customers are standing in line for the cash register.

The waiter brings the change and receipt on a tray.

The woman is wrapping a gift for her husband.

The salesperson is wrapping a souvenir.

The cumstamer takes the change and receipt from the salesperson.

The salesperson is waighing apples.

The salesperson gives the customer the receipt and change.

Lesson 37

wax:n. 蜡；蜡状物
vt. 给…上蜡
vi. 月亮渐满；增大
adj. 蜡制的；似蜡的
n. (Wax)人名；(德、罗、匈、英)瓦克斯
V to become larger, more powerful, etc 变更大; 变更强大

It's a bit small, but it basically has wax models of famous figures,
它有点小，但是基本上，它那里都是名人的蜡像。
杜莎夫人蜡像馆中出现come的视频截图

How do yellow leaves fall from trees? Yellow leaves fall from trees slowly.

Lesson 38

old-fashioned:adj. 老式的；过时的；守旧的

ADJ Something such as a style, method, or device that is old-fashioned is no longer used, done, or admired by most people, because it has been replaced by something that is more modern. 旧式的; 过时的
例：
The house was dull, old-fashioned and in bad condition.
那幢房子阴暗、老式，并且破烂。
ADJ Old-fashioned ideas, customs, or values are the ideas, customs, and values of the past. 守旧的
例：
She has some old-fashioned values and can be a strict disciplinarian.
她有一些守旧的观念，可能还是个严守纪律的人。

I like books. I'm old-fashioned. I like the paper copy, you know.
我喜欢书籍。我是个守旧的人。我喜欢纸质的书。

This is good, old-fashioned American wisdom.
这很好，旧式的美国智慧。

violin:n. 小提琴；小提琴手
n. (Violin)人名；(意)维奥林
N-VAR A violin is a musical instrument. Violins are made of wood and have four strings. You play the violin by holding it under your chin and moving a bow across the strings. 小提琴
例：
Lizzie used to play the violin.
莉齐过去常拉小提琴。
While in school, Benny got a job as a violin player with the Barrison Theater, the local vaudeville house. 


The violin, also known as a fiddle, is a string instrument, usually with four strings tuned in perfect fifths. It is the smallest, highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola, and the cello.

viola:中提琴；cello:大提琴

The musicians are playing old-fashioned music on violins.

These musicians are playing modern music on a violin and a guitar.

The musician also plays the drums.

drum:vt. 击鼓；大力争取
vi. 击鼓；大力争取
n. 鼓；鼓声
n. (Drum)人名；(英)德拉姆；(德)德鲁姆
N-COUNT A drum is a musical instrument consisting of a skin stretched tightly over a round frame. You play a drum by beating it with sticks or with your hands. 鼓
例：
...a worker who died after collapsing while beating a drum during a demonstration.
…一个在游行时因击鼓过度劳累而倒毙的工人。
N-COUNT A drum is a large cylindrical container which is used to store fuel or other substances. 鼓状容器
例：
...an oil drum.
…一只油桶。
V-T/V-I If something drums on a surface, or if you drum something on a surface, it hits it regularly, making a continuous beating sound. 连续敲击
例：
He drummed his fingers on the leather top of his desk.
他用手指不停地敲击皮桌面。

During a carnival music plays.

carnival:n. 狂欢节，嘉年华会；饮宴狂欢
N-COUNT A carnival is a public festival during which people play music and sometimes dance in the streets. 狂欢节
N-COUNT A carnival is a travelling show which is held in a park or field and at which there are machines to ride on, entertainments, and games. 嘉年华

The friends are putting on carnival costumes.

costumes:n. [服装] 服装（costume的复数形式）
The performers look like they used their own personal clothing for costumes.
N-VAR An actor's or performer's costume is the set of clothes they wear while they are performing. 戏装
例：
Even from a distance, the effect of his fox costume was stunning.
即使从远处看，他的狐装造型也非常漂亮。
例：
The performers, in costume and makeup, were walking up and down backstage.
演员们穿着戏服化着妆，在后台走来走去。
N-UNCOUNT The clothes worn by people at a particular time in history, or in a particular country, are referred to as a particular type of costume. (某一历史时期或某一国家人们穿的) 服装
例：
...men and women in eighteenth-century costume.
…身着18世纪服装的男男女女。
ADJ A costume drama is one which is set in the past and in which the actors wear the type of clothes that were worn in that period. 古装的
例：
...a lavish costume drama set in Ireland and the U.S. in the 1890s.
…以19世纪90年代的爱尔兰和美国为背景的一部大型古装戏。

wig:n. 假发；要人；头脑
vt. 使戴假发；斥责
vi. 激动；发狂
n. (Wig)人名；(英、瑞典)威格；(德)维希
A wig is a covering of false hair that you wear on your head, for example, because you have a little hair of you own or because you want to cover up your own hair.假发。
for example:Jo wore a long wig that made her look very sexy.
乔带着一头长长的假发，使她看起来很性感。
She briefly left, took off her wig and wiped off her bald head with a paper napkin.
At this point, no one can look at an American in a powdered wig without laughing. 


bouquet: n.花束；酒香
n. (Bouquet)人名；(英、法)布凯
A bouquet is a bunch of flowers which is attractively arranged.

a bunch of 一束

The woman carried a bouquet of dried violets.
那个女子拿着一束干紫罗兰花。
N-VAR The bouquet of something, especially wine, is the pleasant smell that it has.

The woman with the bouquet of white flowers is dancing on the grass.

A man and woman are dancing in old-fashioned costumes.

The actors are dressed in old-fashioned dresses and wigs.

During a carnival people put on old-fashioned dresses and wigs.

candy:vt. 用糖煮；使结晶为砂糖；美化
vi. 糖煮；成为结晶
n. 糖果（等于sweets）；冰糖（等于sugar candy，rock candy）；毒品
adj. 新潮的（服饰）；甜言蜜语的
N-VAR Candy is sweet foods such as chocolate or toffees.
a piece of candy 一块糖果

She enticed the children with candy.
她用糖果诱骗小孩们。 
Her baby sister bother her for candy.
她的小妹妹缠着她要糖果。 
He conciliated his angry daughter with a piece of candy.
他用一块糖果来哄他发脾气的女儿。 

The family leaves the city to relax in nature.

The young man is playing the violin, and the young woman is listening to the music.

The girl is crying because she has no canby.

The boy is happy because his mom gave him a canby.

The friends leaves the city to fry meat and drink the beer.

The man is the carnival costume gives the woman in the old-fashioned dress and wig a bouquet of flowers.

The bride holds a bouquet of white flowers.

The man is in a modern suit, and the woman is in an old-fashioned dress.

The girl throws the ball, and the boy catches the ball.

throw:vt. 投；抛；掷
vi. 抛；投掷
n. 投掷；冒险
V-T When you throw an object that you are holding, you move your hand or arm quickly and let go of the object, so that it moves through the air. 投; 扔
例：
He spent hours throwing a tennis ball against a wall.
他花了数小时对着一堵墙扔网球。
例：
The crowd began throwing stones.
那群人开始扔石头。
N-COUNT Throw is also a noun. 投; 扔
例：
That was a good throw.
那是一次很棒的投掷。
例：
A throw of the dice allows a player to move himself forward.
投掷一次骰子，玩家即可向前移动。
V-T If you throw your body or part of your body into a particular position or place, you move it there suddenly and with a lot of force. 猛然移动 (身体或身体部位)
例：
She threw her arms around his shoulders.
她猛地伸出双臂抱住他的肩膀。
例：
She threatened to throw herself in front of a train.
她威胁说要卧轨。
V-T If you throw something into a particular place or position, you put it there in a quick and careless way. (漫不经心地) 扔下
例：
He struggled out of his bulky jacket and threw it on to the back seat.
他用力脱下笨重的夹克，顺手把它扔到后座上。
V-T To throw someone into a particular place or position means to force them roughly into that place or position. 使摔倒
例：
He threw me to the ground.
他把我摔倒在地。
V-T If you say that someone is thrown into prison, you mean that they are put there by the authorities. 把…关进 (监狱)
例：
Those two should have been thrown in jail.
那两个人当时就该被关进监狱。
V-T If a horse throws its rider, it makes him or her fall off, by suddenly jumping or moving violently. (马) 摔落 (骑手)
例：
The horse reared, throwing its rider and knocking down a youth standing beside it.
这匹马向后一仰，摔下骑手并撞倒站在它旁边的一个年轻人。
V-T If a person or thing is thrown into a bad situation or state, something causes them to be in that situation or state. 使陷入 (困境等)
例：
Abidjan was thrown into turmoil because of a protest by taxi drivers.
阿比让因计程车司机们的抗议而陷入了混乱。
V-T If something throws light or a shadow on a surface, it causes that surface to have light or a shadow on it. 投下 (光线或影子)
例：
The sunlight is white and blinding, throwing hard-edged shadows on the ground.
阳光亮白刺眼，在地上投下轮廓分明的影子。
V-T If something throws doubt on a person or thing, it causes people to doubt or suspect them. 使…产生怀疑
例：
This new information does throw doubt on their choice.
这个新消息确实让人对他们的选择产生怀疑。
V-T If you throw a look or smile at someone or something, you look or smile at them quickly and suddenly. 猛然投以 (一瞥或一笑)
例：
Emily turned and threw her a suggestive grin.
埃米莉转过身，猛然地向她投了个暗示性的微笑。
V-T If you throw yourself, your energy, or your money into a particular job or activity, you become involved in it very actively or enthusiastically. 投身于; 投入
例：
She threw herself into a modelling career.
她投身于模特职业。
V-T If you throw a fit or a tantrum, you suddenly start to behave in an uncontrolled way. 爆发 (脾气); 耍 (性子)
例：
I used to get very upset and scream and swear, throwing tantrums all over the place.
我以前经常很不开心，喊叫骂人，到处乱发脾气。
V-T If something such as a remark or an experience throws you, it surprises you or confuses you because it is unexpected. 使吃惊; 使困惑
例：
Her sudden change in attitude threw me.
她态度上的突然变化令我吃惊。
例：
This new confession threw me for a loop.
这份新口供使我很震惊。
V-T If you throw a punch, you punch someone. 打 (一拳)
例：
Everything was fine until someone threw a punch.
一切都还好，直到有人动了拳头。
V-T When someone throws a party, they organize one, usually in their own home. (常指在家) 举行 (聚会)
例：
Why not throw a party for your friends?
为何不给你的朋友们搞一个聚会呢？
to throw down the gauntlet →see gauntlet
to throw light on something →see light
to throw money at something →see money
to throw in the towel →see towel
网络释义 专业释义 英英释义

 投掷
 扔
 投
 掷
短语
throw away 扔掉
throw away 错过
throw away 浪费
throw away 丢弃
javelin throw 掷标枪

catch:

vt. 赶上；抓住；感染；了解
vi. 赶上；抓住
n. 捕捉；捕获物；窗钩

V-T If you catch a person or animal, you capture them after chasing them, or by using a trap, net, or other device. 捉住; 捕获
例：
Police say they are confident of catching the gunman.
警方说他们有信心抓获枪手。
例：
Where did you catch the fish?
你在哪儿捕到了这条鱼？
V-T If you catch an object that is moving through the air, you seize it with your hands. 接住
例：
I jumped up to catch a ball and fell over.
我跳起来接球，结果摔倒了。
N-COUNT Catch is also a noun. 接住
例：
He missed the catch and the game was lost.
他没接住球，输了这场比赛。
V-T If you catch a part of someone's body, you take or seize it with your hand, often in order to stop them from going somewhere. 抓住; 握住
例：
Liz caught his arm.
利兹抓住了他的胳膊。
例：
He knelt beside her and caught her hand in both of his.
他跪在她旁边，双手握住她的手。
V-T If one thing catches another, it hits it accidentally or manages to hit it. 打击; 击中
例：
The stinging slap almost caught his face.
这狠狠的一巴掌差点打在他的脸上。
例：
I may have caught him with my elbow but it was just an accident.
我的胳膊肘可能碰了他，不过那只是个意外。
V-I If something catches on or in an object, it accidentally becomes attached to the object or stuck in it. 绊住; 卡住
例：
Her ankle caught on a root, and she almost lost her balance.
她的脚踝绊到一个树根上，身体差点失去平衡。
to catch hold of something →see hold

The girl throws the ball, and the boy catches the ball.

At a wedding the bride throws her bouquet to her frinds.

The bridge throws the bouquet, and her friends catch it.

The boy loves photography. He loves to photograph his friends.

The man collects phones.

collect:vt. 收集；募捐
vi. 收集；聚集；募捐
adv. 由收件人付款地
adj. 由收件人付款的
n. (Collect)人名；(英)科莱克特
V-T If you collect a number of things, you bring them together from several places or from several people. 采集; 收集
例：
Two young girls were collecting firewood.
两位年轻女孩在采集柴火。
例：
Elizabeth had been collecting snails for a school project.
伊丽莎白为一个学校的项目在收集蜗牛。
V-T If you collect things, such as stamps or books, as a hobby, you get a large number of them over a period of time because they interest you. 收集 (邮票或书等)
例：
I used to collect stamps.
我过去曾经集邮。
N-UNCOUNT 收集
例：
...hobbies like stamp collecting and fishing.
…诸如集邮和钓鱼之类的爱好。
V-T/V-I If a substance collects somewhere, or if something collects it, it keeps arriving over a period of time and is held in that place or thing. 积聚
例：
Methane gas does collect in the mines around here.
沼气确实积聚在这周围的矿井中。
V-T If something collects light, energy, or heat, it attracts it. 聚集 (光、能量或热量等)
例：
Like a telescope, it has a curved mirror to collect the sunlight.
和望远镜一样，它有一个曲面镜来聚集太阳光。
V-T/V-I If you collect for a charity or for a present for someone, you ask people to give you money for it. 募捐
例：
Are you collecting for charity?
你是在为慈善募捐吗？
例：
The organization has collected $2.5 million for the relief effort.
该组织已经募集到了250万美元用于救济活动。
V-T When you collect someone or something, you go and get them from the place where they are waiting for you or have been left for you. 领走
ADV/ADJ (of telephone calls) on a reverse-charge basis (打电话)由对方付费
N a short Church prayer generally preceding the lesson or epistle in Communion and other services 短祷文

The girl loves music. She plays the violin.

The young man collets old-fashioed watches.

The woman collects masks.

The girl loves dancing. She loves to dance.



lesson 39

spotted:adj. 有斑点的；斑纹的；弄污的
v. 发现（spot的过去分词）；玷污；弄上污痕
n. (Spotted)人名；(英)斯波蒂德
ADJ Something that is spotted has a pattern of spots on it. 有斑点的
例：
...hand-painted spotted cups and saucers in green and blue.
...带有手绘斑点的绿色和蓝色茶杯和托盘。
例：
His cheeks were spotted with blackheads.
他的双颊上曾斑斑点点地长了些黑头。

striped
adj. 有条纹的；有斑纹的
v. 被剥去（strip的过去分词）
ADJ Something that is striped has stripes on it. 有条纹的
例：
...a bottle green and maroon striped tie.
…一条有深绿色和绛紫色条纹的领带。

herbivorous:adj. [动] 食草的
ADJ Herbivorous animals only eat plants. 食草的

carnivorous:adj. 食肉的；肉食性的
ADJ Carnivorous animals eat meat. 食肉的
例：
Snakes are carnivorous.
蛇都是食肉动物。
ADJ Carnivorous can be used, especially humorously, to describe someone who eats meat. (幽默方式描述某人)食肉的

graze:vt. 放牧；擦伤
vi. 吃草；擦伤
n. 放牧；轻擦
V-T/V-I When animals graze or are grazed, they eat the grass or other plants that are growing in a particular place. You can also say that a field is grazed by animals. 放牧 (牛、羊等); (牛、羊等) 吃草
例：
Five cows graze serenely around a massive oak.
5头奶牛在一棵大橡树附近安静地吃草。
例：
Several horses grazed the meadowland.
几匹马在牧场上吃草。
V-T If you graze a part of your body, you injure your skin by scraping against something. 擦破皮
例：
I had grazed my knees a little.
我的膝盖擦破了一点皮。
N-COUNT A graze is a small wound caused by scraping against something. 擦伤
例：
Although cuts and grazes are not usually very serious, they can be quite painful.
尽管割伤和擦伤一般并无大碍，却会很疼。
V-T If something grazes another thing, it touches that thing lightly as it passes by. 擦过
例：
A bullet had grazed his arm.
一颗子弹擦过他的胳膊。

lay:vt. 躺下；产卵；搁放；放置；铺放；涂，敷
adj. 世俗的；外行的；没有经验的
n. 位置；短诗；花纹方向；叙事诗；性伙伴
vi. 下蛋；打赌
v. 躺；位于（lie的过去式）
V-T If you lay something somewhere, you put it there in a careful, gentle, or neat way. 放置
例：
Lay a sheet of newspaper on the floor.
把一张报纸放在地板上。
例：
Mothers routinely lay babies on their backs to sleep.
母亲们通常会把婴儿平躺着放下睡觉。
V-T If you lay something such as carpets, cables, or foundations, you put them into their permanent position. 铺设
例：
A man came to lay the carpet.
一名男子来铺地毯。
V-T/V-I When a female bird lays, or lays an egg, it produces an egg by pushing it out of its body. 下 (蛋)
例：
My canary has laid an egg.
我的金丝雀下了一个蛋。
V-T Lay is used with some nouns to talk about making official preparations for something. For example, if you lay the basis for something or lay plans for it, you prepare it carefully. 奠定 (基础); 制定 (规划)
例：
Diplomats meeting in Chile have laid the groundwork for far-reaching environmental regulations.
在智利会晤的外交官们已经为长远的环境保护规则奠定了基础。
V-T Lay is used with some nouns in expressions about accusing or blaming someone. For example, if you lay the blame for a mistake on someone, you say it is their fault, or if the police lay charges against someone, they officially accuse that person of a crime. 归罪于
例：
She refused to lay the blame on any one party.
她拒绝归罪于任何一方。
V-T If you lay the table or lay the places at a table, you arrange the knives, forks, and other things that people need on the table before a meal. 摆放 (餐具)
例：
The butler always laid the table.
餐具总是由管家来摆放。
to lay something at someone's door →see door
to lay a finger on someone →see finger
to lay your hands on something →see hand
to lay siege to something →see siege
短语
lay off 解雇
lay off 停止
lay off 休息
lay off 关闭
lay down 放下
He lay huddled up in bed.
他躺在床上，蜷缩成一团。 
She dusted off her bed and lay down.
她掸干净床，然后躺在床上休息。 
The little sick girl lay all night between life and death until her fever was gone.
这个生病的小姑娘整夜躺在床上， 处于生死关头， 直到退烧才脱险。 

fur:n. 皮，皮子；毛皮；软毛
n. 水垢
vt. 用毛皮覆盖；使穿毛皮服装
n. (Fur)人名；(法)菲尔；(瑞典)富尔
N-MASS Fur is the thick and usually soft hair that grows on the bodies of many mammals. (哺乳动物身上的) 毛
例：
This creature's fur is short, dense and silky.
这种动物的毛短、浓密且柔顺。
N-MASS Fur is an artificial fabric that looks like fur and is used, for example, to make clothing, soft toys, and seat covers. (用以制造服装、软玩具、座套等的) 人造毛
N-VAR Fur is the fur-covered skin of an animal that is used to make clothing or small carpets. (动物的) 毛皮
例：
She had on a black coat with a fur collar.
她穿着一件有毛皮领子的黑色外套。
例：
...the trading of furs from Canada.
…与加拿大的毛皮贸易。
N-COUNT A fur is a coat made from real or artificial fur, or a piece of fur worn around your neck. 毛皮外套; 毛皮围脖
例：
There were women in furs and men in comfortable overcoats.
有身穿毛皮外套的女人们和身穿舒适大衣的男人们。

sheep:n. 羊，绵羊；胆小鬼
N-COUNT A sheep is a farm animal which is covered with thick curly hair called wool. Sheep are kept for their wool or for their meat. 羊
例：
...grassland on which a flock of sheep were grazing.
…有一群羊正在吃草的草地。

ram:abbr. 随机存取存储器（random access memory的缩写）；随机访问内存（random-access memory的缩写）
n. 公羊；撞锤；撞击装置；有撞角的军舰；（水压机的）[机] 活塞
v. 撞击；填塞；强迫通过或接受
n. (Ram)人名；(英、印、尼、不丹、瑞典)拉姆
V-T If a vehicle rams something such as another vehicle, it crashes into it with a lot of force, usually deliberately. (通常指故意地) 猛烈撞击
例：
The thieves fled, ramming the policeman's car.
小偷们撞了警车，逃跑了。
V-T If you ram something somewhere, you push it there with great force. 猛推
例：
He rammed the key into the lock and kicked the front door open.
他猛地把钥匙插进锁里，踢开了前门。
N-COUNT A ram is an adult male sheep. 公羊
PHRASE If something rams home a message or a point, it makes it clear in a way that is very forceful and that people are likely to listen to. 充分讲明
例：
The report by the chairman will ram this point home.
主席的报告将充分地讲明这一点。
to ram something down someone's throat →see throat

at dawn:黎明
at five o'clock 五点
at daybreak 天亮

dawn:

n. 黎明；开端
vt. 破晓；出现；被领悟
n. (Dawn)人名；(西)道恩

N-VAR Dawn is the time of day when light first appears in the sky, just before the sun rises. 黎明
例：
Nancy woke at dawn.
天刚亮南希就醒了。
N-SING Thedawnof a period of time or a situation is the beginning of it. 开端
例：
...the dawn of the radio age.
…无线通讯时代的开端

V-I If something is dawning, it is beginning to develop or come into existence. 开始
例：
A new century was dawning.
一个新的世纪开始了。
N-SING 开端
例：
...the dawning of the space age.
…太空时代的开始。

rooster:n. 公鸡；狂妄自负的人

linux:英 'lɪnəks  美 ˈlɪnəks

n. Linux操作系统（一种类似于UNIX的计算机操作系统）
 a nonproprietary computer operating system suitable for use on personal computers 适合私人电脑使用的非专卖电脑操作系统
 

lesson 40

laundry detergent:洗衣粉；洗衣精
Among those P&G brands are products many American consumers use everyday, like toothpaste,deodorant, disposable baby diapers, laundry detergent and potato chips.

bucket:桶

She did not want to be milked. She kicked her back legs and stepped into the bucket that was supposed to catch her milk.

The girl is holding a bucket with water and a cloth. She wants to wash the floor in the room.

rug:n. 小地毯；毛皮地毯；男子假发
n. (Rug)人名；(塞)鲁格

1.N-COUNT A rug is a piece of thick material that you put on a floor. It is like a carpet but covers a smaller area. 小地毯
例：
A Persian rug covered the hardwood floors.
一张波斯小地毯铺在了那硬木地板上。
N-COUNT A rug is a small blanket which you use to cover your shoulders or your knees to keep them warm. (盖在肩上或膝上的) 小毛毯
例：
The old lady was seated in her chair at the window, a rug over her knees.
这位老妇人坐在靠窗的椅子上，膝上盖着一块小毛毯。
PHRASE If someone pulls the rug from under a person or thing or pulls the rug from under someone's feet, they stop giving their help or support. 不再帮助或支持某人
例：
If the banks opt to pull the rug from under the ill-fated project, it will go into liquidation.
如果这些银行选择不再支持那项倒霉的工程，它就将破产。
to sweep something under the rug →see sweep

The rug can double up.
这条地毯能卷起来。

If you were reading a book in your warm bed on a cold winter's day,you might say you were snug as a bug in a rug.

The vacuum cleaner is standing on the rug.

The laundry detergent is standing on the washing machine.

The soap is lying on the shelf under the mirror in the bathroom.

A dry cloth is lying on the floor.

A wet cloth is lying on the bucket.

Grandma washes dishes with her hands. She doesn't have a dishwasher.

The boy is washing the floor with a mop and a cloth. He's helping his mom.

The woman is washing the big, dirty window. No one is helping her.

The man is washing his things in the washing machine.

The man is turning on the washing machine.

The woman  washes her clothing with her hands. She doesn't have a washing machine.

The girl is cleaning up the room.

The woman isn't washing clothes. She's cleaning up the kitchen.

The room is in disorder.

The man is cleaning up the table.

The kitchen is in order.

The boy isn't washing the floor. He's cleaning up the shelf.

The kitchen is in order - clean dishes are standing in the cabinet.

The kitchen is in disorder - dirty dishes are on the talble, and the tablecloth in lying on the floor.

The bathroom is in order - the laundry detergent and soap are lying on the shelf, and the towel is hanging.

cabinet:n. 内阁；橱柜；展览艺术品的小陈列室
adj. 内阁的；私下的，秘密的
1.N-COUNT A cabinet is a cupboard used for storing things such as medicine or alcoholic drinks or for displaying decorative things in. 贮藏橱; 陈列柜
例：
She looked in the medicine cabinet and found some aspirin.
她在药橱中翻看了一下，找到几片阿司匹林。
N-COUNT The cabinet is a group of the most senior advisers or ministers in a government, who meet regularly to discuss policies. 内阁
例：
The announcement came after a three-hour cabinet meeting.
这项公告是在3小时的内阁会议之后发布的。

The bathroom is in disorder - the laundry detergent and soap and towel are lying on the floor.

My desk is in disorder - the paper, mobile phone and pen are lying on the desk.

The room is in order - the books are standing on the shelf and the clothes are  lying in the cabinet.

The office is in order - the books are standing on the shelf and the computer is on the desk.

The room is in disorder - books, clothes and toys are lying on the floor.

The office is in disorder - stools, chairs and paper are lying every where on the floor.

office:n. 办公室；政府机关；官职；营业处
1.N-COUNT An office is a room or a part of a building where people work sitting at desks. 办公室
例：
By the time Flynn arrived at his office it was 5:30.
弗林到达办公室时已经5:30了。
例：
Telephone their head office for more details.
给他们总部打电话询问更多的详细情况。
N-COUNT An office is a department of an organization, especially the government, where people deal with a particular kind of administrative work. (尤指政府的) 行政部门
例：
Thousands have registered with unemployment offices.
数千人已在失业服务处登记了。
例：
...the Congressional Budget Office.
…国会预算办公室。
N-COUNT An office is a small building or room where people can go for information, tickets, or a service of some kind. 服务处
例：
The tourist office operates a useful room-finding service.
这个旅游办事处开办了实用的找房业务。
N-COUNT A doctor's or dentist's office is a place where a doctor or dentist sees their patients. 诊所
例：
The chance of getting AIDS at the doctor's or dentist's office is extremely low.
在诊所或牙医诊所感染艾滋病的可能性极小。
N-UNCOUNT If someone holds office in a government, they have an important job or position of authority. 公职
例：
The events to mark the president's four years in office went ahead as planned.
纪念总统执政4年的活动按计划举行。
例：
The treasurer shall hold office for five years.
财务主管将任职5年。





