* words

** neck <2016-06-21 Tue>
 英  [nek]   美  [nɛk]
n. 脖子；衣领；海峡
vi. 搂著脖子亲吻；变狭窄
vt. 使变细；与…搂著脖子亲吻
n. (Neck)人名；(德、意、英)内克
 柯林斯英汉双解大词典  21世纪大英汉词典

neck /nɛk/  CET4 TEM4
N-COUNT Your neck is the part of your body which joins your head to the rest of your body. 颈
例：
She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him warmly.
她伸出双臂搂住他的脖子，热烈地拥抱他。
N-COUNT The neck of an article of clothing such as a shirt, dress, or sweater is the part which surrounds your neck. 领口
例：
...the low, ruffled neck of her blouse.
…她褶边低胸的衬衫领口。
N-COUNT The neck of something such as a bottle or a guitar is the long narrow part at one end of it. (瓶子、吉他等的) 颈状部位
例：
Catherine gripped the broken neck of the bottle.
凯瑟琳紧握着破裂的瓶颈。
PHRASE If you say that someone is breathing down your neck, you mean that they are watching you very closely and checking everything you do. 密切监视
例：
Most farmers have loan officers breathing down their necks.
大多数农场主受到信贷员的密切监视。
PHRASE In a competition, especially an election, if two or more competitors are neck and neck, they are level with each other and have an equal chance of winning. 势均力敌
例：
The latest polls indicate that the two main parties are neck and neck.
最新的民意测验显示两个主要政党势均力敌。
PHRASE If you stick your neck out, you bravely say or do something that might be criticized or might turn out to be wrong. 敢说敢干
例：
During my political life I've earned myself a reputation as someone who'll stick his neck out, a bit of a rebel.
我在自己的政治生涯中得了一个敢说敢干、有点叛逆的名声。
网络释义 专业释义 英英释义

 脖子
 颈
 颈部
 颈
短语
Stiff neck 落枕
Stiff neck 脖子发僵
Stiff neck 落枕
Stiff neck 顽固之人
goose neck 鹅颈管
  更多结果
词组短语 同近义词 同根词

neck and neck 并驾齐驱，不分上下
bottle neck 瓶颈
pain in the neck 极讨厌的人或事
stiff neck 脖子发僵，斜颈；顽固之人
neck of the woods 附近一带（一般指乡村地区）
  更多词组短语
双语例句 原声例句 权威例句

He draped his arms round her neck.
他双手搂住了她的脖子。 
The rain was dripping down his neck.
雨水沿着他的脖子往下滴。 
The doll pivots at the waist and neck.
那洋娃娃的腰和颈可以转动。 
 更多双语例句
百科

Neck

The neck is the part of the body, on many terrestrial or secondarily aquatic vertebrates, that distinguishes the head from the torso or trunk. The adjective (from Latin) signifying "of the neck" is cervical (though in non-technical contexts, this is more frequently used to describe the cervix).
来源于：维基百科

* Lesson<2016-06-21 Tue>
** Lesson thirteen
This elderly man is wearing glasses. he is hugging a large white dog
around the  neck and laughing.
This is a view of the desert. A group of people are travelling on
camels. Three camels are lying in the sand, and two are standing.
These young people are also travelling across the desert. They like to
travel on fourwheelers.
This is a small, beautiful money. It is eating for lunch. In front of
it are two plates of food.
It is a summer's day in the countryside. There is a horse standing
under the tree. It is relaxing.
It is a sunny day. The sportsmen are relaxing at a table in the
café. One of them is drinking water from a bottle.
The elderly man is sitting on a stool under the tree. His white cap is
lying on the grass.
A knife and a fork are lying on a napkin, the napkin is lying on a
white tablecloth, and the tablecloth is lying on a table.
This is a restaurant. The young man is paying the waiter in
cash. There is a cup of coffee in front of him.
The girl with glasses is drawing. There is a fish and beautiful sea
plants in the picture. Two girl are looking at her work.
The young man is taking a phone of the girl with long black
hair. There is a small white dog sitting on the girl's lap.
lap :n. 一圈；膝盖；下摆；山坳
vt. 使重叠；拍打；包围
vi. 重叠；轻拍；围住
Two girls are sitting on a bench in the park. They are wearing white
pants. One of them is holding an umbrella.
The customer who is standing in front of the mirror wants to buy a
skirt.
The turtle is an animal that moves very slowly.
The woman who is sitting to the left of the boy is a teacher.
The cactus is a plant that is able to live in the desert.
A seagull is a bird that lives at the sea.
Rome is a city that tourists like very much.
When there is good weather outside the window in the house is open.
When a person is ill， he goes to the doctor.
Many customers come to the big shop when there is a sale.
When there is a trffice jam, the policemen have a lot of work.
When it is raining, people open their umbrellas.
When the parents work， the child plays with his grandmother.

The man is turning off the television, because he does not want to
watch it any longer.
The tourists are travelling on the ship, becasue they do not like to
fly on airplanes.
The waiter is taking away the chicken, because the woman does not like
it.
The woman is drinking water, because she does not want to drink wine.
The man is drink wine, because he likes it.
The boy is turning off the computer, because he does not want to play
any longer.

The spectators are going to the theatre in order to watch the
performance.
The woman is not drinking wine in order to drive the car well.
The man is turning on the television in order to watch an interesting
programme.
The actors are going to the theatre in order to perform on stage.
The boy is turning on the computer in order to play.
The customers are going to the shop at the time of sale in order to
buy cheap goods.

The woman does not like the chicken, although it tastes good.
The boy is turning on the computer, although his parents would rather
him not.
The woman wants to buy a new dress, even though she has many dresses.
The girl likes to walk in the forest, though it is raining.
The woman is drinking water, although she likes wine.
The girl is not happy, even though today is her birthday.

Today is the little boy's birthday. He is holding a present in his
hands. He likes this holiday very much.
There is a beautiful, tan saleswoman behind the counter in the small
shop. There is only one customer in the shop, and he is looking at
wine and fruits.
The weather is rainy. The boy is looking out of the window. He is
bored, and wants to walk and play outside.
This is a bus stop. A man is sitting on the bench and reading the
newpaper. He is waiting for the bus.
The woman is standing by the sea. She is neither bathing nor
tanning. She is looking at the sea and waiting for a ship.
Two women in the park are looking at the big grey bird. One woman is
holding an orange. She wants to feed the bird.

Two cheerful girls are walking in the autumn park. They like to play
with the beautiful yellow leaves.
This is a young woman in blue. She has long hair and beautiful
blue eyes. She is holding a white cup.
This is a large brown bear. It is getting out of the water, and the
lake and the mountains are behind him.
The bride and groom are celebrating their wedding on the beach at the
sea. The groom is holding the bride in his arms. She is wearing a long
white dress and has flowers in her hand.
This is a large, beautiful, red and white house. Next to the house is
a table and four chairs. There are small trees growing across from the
house.
The man wants to give flowers to the woman in the beautiful dress. He
is holding them behind his back, and she is looking at him and
laughing.

Why does the giraffe like to eat leaves from tall tree? It likes to do
so because it has a long neck.
Why are there many tourists taking photos of the square? They are
taking photos of it because it is beautiful.
Why are the girls sleeping during the lesson? They are sleeping
because the lesson is boring.
Why are people  sleeping on the grass? They are sleeping here
because they do not have a home.
Why are the swans not talking on the telephone? They are not talking
on the telephone because they do not have a telephone.
Why are these girls not working and instead spending time at the
beach? They are spending time at the beach because they are on
holiday.

